{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f23\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho;}
{\f81\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f82\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f84\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f85\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f86\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f87\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f88\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f89\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f90\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f92\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f93\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f94\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f95\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f96\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f97\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f98\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f100\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f101\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f102\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f103\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f104\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f267\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Mincho Western{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f265\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Mincho CE{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f266\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Mincho Cyr{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f268\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Mincho Greek{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f269\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Mincho Tur{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f272\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Mincho Baltic{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f587\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Mincho Western;}{\f585\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Mincho CE;}{\f586\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Mincho Cyr;}
{\f588\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Mincho Greek;}{\f589\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Mincho Tur;}{\f592\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Mincho Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \f0\ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\info{\author Nigel Jones}
{\operator Nigel Jones}{\creatim\yr2003\mo12\dy12\hr13\min58}{\revtim\yr2004\mo3\dy30\hr23\min37}{\version12}{\edmins71}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1045}{\nofchars5961}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\margl1319\margr1319 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \tab \tab \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ######################
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 # ignitionServer Readme  #
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ######################
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ignitionServer is (C)  Keith Gable, Nigel Jones and Reid Burke.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ----------------------------------------------------
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 You must include this notice in any modifications you make. You must additionally
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 follow the GPL's provisions for sourcecode distribution a\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 nd binary distribution.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 If you are not familiar with the GPL, please read LICENSE.TXT.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 (you are welcome to add a "Based On" line above this notice, but this notice must
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 remain intact!)
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Released under the GNU General Public License
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Contact information: Ke\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ith Gable (Ziggy) <ziggy@ignition-project.com>
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1                      Nigel Jones (DigiGuy) <digiguy@ignition-project.com>
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1                      Reid Burke  (AirWalk) <airwalk@ignition-project.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ignitionServer is based on Pure-IRCd http://pure-ircd.source\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 forge.net/
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Contents
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 1. License Info
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 2. Support Info
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 3. Installation
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 4. Frequently Asked Questions
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 1. License Info
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 The software you have download is O\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 penSource and protected under the GNU General Public 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 License. For more information, read LICENSE.TXT (you should have been presented this when you
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 installed).
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 We encourage you to read this file before making any changes to the ignitionServer source code.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 2. Support Info
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Support for any version of ignitionServer can be obtained via the SourceForge Support Tracker.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Support for a CVS version will be done on a Best-Effort basis (basically, you're on your own
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 unless it's a blatantly obvious error on your part or on our part)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 The support tracker can be found at:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=96071&atid=613527
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 *** PLEASE DO NOT POST BUGS VIA THE SUPPORT TRACKER ***
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 For more information on reporting bugs, see:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 http://bugs.ignition-project.com
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 3. Installation
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ignitionServer should have came with an installer.\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  There are two versions of the installer, one
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 for Windows 9x and one for Windows NT. The Windows 9x installer will install on NT systems, but
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 the ignitionServer Monitor will not be installed. The Windows NT installer will ONLY work on NT
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 systems, because t\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 he ignitionServer Monitor uses critical NT system calls.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Windows 9x includes: Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 98 SE, and Windows Millenium Edition
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Windows NT includes: Windows NT 4, Windows 2000, Windows XP, and Windows Server 2003
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 This _might_ run under\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  UNIX/Linux with Wine, but you will have to play with it yourself (i.e. do
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 not post to the support tracker; WE CAN NOT HELP YOU!)
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Remember to disable DIE in your ircx.conf file.
\par 
\par \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ===========++++++++===========++++++++===========
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 4. Frequently Asked Questions
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Older versions of ignitionServer were a bit easier to use/modify than this current version. This
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 version is MUCH more powerful, has more than enough commands to be useful, and is quite a bit
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 less buggy. Please make sure you r\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ead this FAQ before you post to the support tracker.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: When I start ignitionServer, nothing comes up!
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: It's supposed to do this! ignitionServer now runs as a full-fledged daemon. You will not get
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    any interface at all (unless you are on Windows NT an\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 d you installed the ignitionServer
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    Monitor). If you are not sure you started it properly, start your IRC client and type:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1      /server localhost
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    If you connect to something, the server is running. A less time-intensive method would be to
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    hit Ctrl-\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Alt-Del and see if the ignitionServer process is running.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: Why doesn't ignitionServer start?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: First, make sure you read the above question. Then, check the following things:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    1) Is ircx.conf in the same folder as ignitionServer?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    2) Did I modify i\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 rcx.conf improperly?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    3) Is ircx.conf named properly (it must be ircx.conf -- do not capitalize the extension or any
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1       other part of the name!)?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    If you diagnosed those things and still have a problem, make sure ignitionServer isn't running
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    as a\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 nother process (Ctrl-Alt-Del). ignitionServer will only start one time. All other times it
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    will not allow it. 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: ignitionServer sends out Closing Link: (AutoKilled: Server Misconfigured) and disconnects users on 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1     connection
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: A new feature was in\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 troduced to stop incorrectly configured servers to be used_(E.G. Using Default 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1     A Lines). To disable this feature simply find X:DIE in ircx.conf file and change the 1 to a 0
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: What operating system is recommended to run ignitionServer?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: We recommend you use Windows NT 4, Windows 2000, Windows XP, or Windows Server 2003. Windows
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    95/98/ME is not recommended at all.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: Does ignitionServer violate my EULA?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: Probably. We can't answer this for you though. You need to read the End User \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 License Agreement
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    that came with your operating system. Most versions of Windows and Windows NT only allow 10
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    simultaneous connections in the EULA. ignitionServer, by design, opens ports and connections
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    as it needs to. At any one time, ignitionSer\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ver can have anywhere from 0 to 65535 connections
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    open. You take full legal responsibility if you decide to violate your EULA.
\par }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: I cannot connect to my ignitionServer installation.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: Have you got a firewall running?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Are you behind a proxy that stops incoming\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  port 6667 traffic?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Is ignitionServer Started?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1   }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  Do you have the latest version?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  }{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 -More to Come-}{\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af23 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: Why doesn't MSN connect?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: New versions of ignitionServer do not support the MSN Chat Control. We do not know if or when
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    this capability will be added.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: Is ignitionServer free?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: Absolutely. You should never pay for a copy of ignitionServer because it is released under the
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    GNU General Public License and is avaliable for download for free from SourceForge.net and ou\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 r
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    own website. If you paid for ignitionServer (note: not ignitionServer hosting), we can't help
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    you get your money back, but we can help prosecute the violator(s). There is one thing I
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    should note: the GNU General Public License permits people to \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 charge a reproduction fee to
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    make you a copy. If you only paid for someone to send you a copy, you didn't get ripped off. If
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    you paid because someone said it costs money (i.e. wasn't free), you did get ripped off :P
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: How do I add IRC operators?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A:\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1  Adding operators is a bit harder than before, but the concept is the same as most IRCDs. Browse
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    to where ignitionServer is installed and open ircx.conf in Notepad. Somewhere in the file, add
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    an "O" line. It is formatted like this:
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1      O:<hostname>:<password>:<username>:<operator-flags>:<connection-class>
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    Hostname is the standard IRC hostname of the user (wildcards permitted). For example, if someone
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    used AOL, their hostname/hostmask would be *@*aol.com. Password and username \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 are
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    self-explanitory. Operator flags can be any of the following: osixkrRDCcKB. Most are standard
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    operator flags, however there are a few you should be aware of. R and D allow the oper to
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1    restart and die (stop) the server. They still require the d\hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 ie/restart password. 
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 Q: What is the difference between OperFlag P and p?
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 A: To be honest NONE except that they both can be given different on-join-modes.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1     To give a on-join-mode for P use
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1       X:HIGHPROT:[Q|O|V|NORM]
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1     To give a on-join-mode for p \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 use
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1       X:LOWPROT:[Q|O|V|NORM]
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 If you have any more questions, see our forum at http://forums.ignition-project.com.
\par }}